Rename "--display-warnings" to "--display-doctest-warnings" (#73314)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/command-line-arguments.md

When `rustdoc` receives this flag, it will print an extra "Version (version)" into the sidebar of
the crate root's docs. You can use this flag to differentiate between different versions of your
library's documentation.

> ### `--display-warnings`: display compiler output when documenting or running documentation tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `--display-warnings`: display compiler output when running documentation tests
```

Using this flag looks like this:

```bash

> $ rustdoc src/lib.rs --display-warnings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> $ rustdoc src/lib.rs --display-output
> $ rustdoc --test src/lib.rs --display-output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ rustdoc src/lib.rs --display-warnings
$ rustdoc --test src/lib.rs --display-warnings
```

```

> The intent behind this flag is to allow the user to see thd compiler output (warnings and errors)
> within their library or their documentation tests, which is usually suppressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag displays the compiler output (warnings and errors) in documentation tests, which is usually suppressed.
```
